docs: update agent development documentation (#5130)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/flyte_agents/developing_agents.md

        # Convert the literal map to python value.
        ctx = FlyteContextManager.current_context()
        python_inputs = TypeEngine.literal_map_to_kwargs(ctx, inputs, literal_types=task_template.interface.inputs)
        response = ask_chatgpt_question(python_inputs)
        return Resource(phase=TaskExecution.SUCCEEDED, outputs={"o0": response})

AgentRegistry.register(OpenAIAgent())
```

#### Sensor interface specification

> Building a sensor in Flyte is useful when you want to watch certain events or monitor the bucket in your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the agent framework, you can easily build a custom sensor in Flyte to watch certain events or monitor the bucket in your workflow.
```

> Leveraging the Agent functionality simplifies the process of integrating custom sensors into Flyte

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> BaseSensor is a specialized abstraction built on top of the agent framework in Flyte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new sensor, extend the `[BaseSensor](https://github.com/flyteorg/flytekit/blob/master/flytekit/sensor/base_sensor.py#L43)` class and implement the `poke` method, which checks whether a specific condition is met.
```

> It is designed to simplify the process of adding sensors to Flyte workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You only need to implement the poke method, which checks whether a specific condition is met

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For flytekit versions `>v1.10.2`, use `pyflyte serve agent`.
:::

> ### 4. Deploy Your FlyteAgent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Deploy Your Flyte agent
```

     default-for-task-types:
       - bigquery_query_job_task: agent-service
       - custom_task: agent-service
```

> 3. Restart the FlytePropeller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart FlytePropeller.
```

```
kubectl rollout restart deployment flytepropeller -n flyte
```

> ### Canary Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Canary deployment
```

> Agents can be deployed independently in separate environments. This decoupling of agents from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agents can be deployed independently in separate environments. Decoupling agents from the
```

production environment ensures that if any specific agent encounters an error or issue, it will not impact the overall production system.

> By running agents independently, developers and operators can thoroughly test and validate their agents in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By running agents independently, you can thoroughly test and validate your agents in a
```

controlled environment before deploying them to the production cluster.

> By default, all the requests will be sent to the default agent service. However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all agent requests will be sent to the default agent service. However,
```

> you are still able to route particular task requests to designated agent services by adjusting the flytepropeller configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can route particular task requests to designated agent services by adjusting the flytepropeller configuration. 
```
